# CS-340
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
In order to produce software that is easily maintained, readable and adaptable, I focus on creating transferable and modular software. For instance, I can easily interchange the crud module used in Project Three with Project One and Project Two to read, update, and delete data from the database. Developing modularly can enhance productivity and enable quick troubleshooting and problem-solving.
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist, I adopt critical thinking to approach software development. Firstly, I analyze the challenge and understand its requirements. I then assess various solutions and choose the most appropriate one to resolve the challenge. I create test cases with pass and fail metrics for each requirement to aid in the development of my solution. These test cases enable me to debug the application during development. This methodology ensures that I develop high-quality applications and software.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
The approach of computer scientists involves identifying and interpreting a challenge, testing potential solutions, and delivering quality software that meets client needs. Without attempting to solve challenges, one cannot learn and improve. Developing modular software provides a shortcut for companies, enabling easy replacement and implementation of modules elsewhere, which saves time and resources, as in the case of Grazioso Salvare.
